README.md, before:

# Tinker 2022 Navigation

Navigation: `roslaunch tinker_navigation nav.launch`
SLAM: `roslaunch tinker_navigation slam.launch`

*Note that* 
1. slam.launch will called in nav.launch. 
2. The recording of ros bag and map file is not included in slam.launch
3. Add map file with the option of `-load_static_map`

## tinker_navigation
Using cartographer for SLAM and teb_loacl_planner for planning. 

`./tinker_navigaition/config/navigation`: .yaml file of costmap and other planning parameters
`./tinker_navigaition/config/slam`: .lua & .rviz file for laser scan / camera pointcloud
`./tinker_navigaition/lauch`: .launch file, acml.launch is abandoned
`./tinker_navigaition/src` & `./tinker_navigaition/scripts`: codes for specific tasks


## tinker_description
Paramters and model of Tinker
`./tinker_description/meshes`: .stl model, note that this model only contains the skeleton of tinker
`./tinker_description/urdf` & `./tinker_description/launch`: .urdf description and urdf publisher

## urg_node
External repo for Hokuyo laser scan

Commit message:

Commit of codes and external packages

README.md, after:

# Tinker 2022 Navigation

Navigation: `roslaunch tinker_navigation nav.launch`

SLAM: `roslaunch tinker_navigation slam.launch`

*Note that* 
1. slam.launch will be called in nav.launch. 
2. The recording of ros bag and map file is not included in slam.launch
3. Add map file with the option of `-load_static_map`

## tinker_navigation
Using cartographer for SLAM and teb_loacl_planner for planning. 

`./tinker_navigaition/config/navigation`: .yaml file of costmap and other planning parameters

`./tinker_navigaition/config/slam`: .lua & .rviz file for laser scan / camera pointcloud

`./tinker_navigaition/lauch`: .launch file, acml.launch is abandoned

`./tinker_navigaition/src` & `./tinker_navigaition/scripts`: codes for specific tasks


## tinker_description
Paramters and model of Tinker

`./tinker_description/meshes`: .stl model, note that this model only contains the skeleton of tinker

`./tinker_description/urdf` & `./tinker_description/launch`: .urdf description and urdf publisher

## urg_node
External repo for Hokuyo laser scan

## ira_laser_tools
External repo for multi laser. Unused in 2022.
